Code eval metric debugger changelog (#187)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-03.mdx

title: Changelog | March, 2024
---

## Code Execution Eval Metric Debugging

_March 18th, 2024_

> We have introduced a new debugging feature for code execution eval metrics! You can click the new "Test" button and test your code without having to run the whole test suite! Then you can further iterate on your code by modifying your test data in the "Test Data" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's new debugging feature for iterating on custom Code Evaluation Metrics. You can click the new "Test" button and test your code without having to run the whole test suite. You can update the example data that's passed into your Code Metric by going to the "Test Data" tab.
```
